hi guys it's Paul from it's just cricket
and I wanted to do a quick look at our
new health and leather pro grade bats
that just arrived today actually picked
these bats out of the health leather
workshop a few weeks ago they've now
been finished and stick it up and I've
arrived here in our London store a major
thing I wanted to discuss though in this
video is what exactly is pro grade
willow and how available is it right now
and I have to say although we go and
handpick every single one of our bats
from the manufacturers that we stock we
are not always as lucky as when we last
went to help leather in terms of finding
absolutely stunning you know absolutely
undoubtedly this is pro grade one you
know it's called grade 1 plus English
willow pro grade whatever you want to
call that good enough for the pros the
best of the best stunning you know all
of that and basically it's this kind of
rule straight grained 10-plus of them no
or no blemishes really pretty much
perfect willow there certainly looks
wise and also performance wise as well
willow that any pro any player would be
more than happy to wield and just the
over the moon with there seems to be a
relative lack of this kind of quality
willow in the industry and quite often
you find the bats that should be grade
one regular grade one or even great to a
masquerading as the top pro grade you
quite often see bats in this grade from
various brands with sort of six seven
eight grains some even have blemishes
fairly big blemishes but because there
doesn't seem to be that many clefts or
that much willow available it looks
quite like this anymore and you know
that they're still having to be
effectively graded up which i think
effectively means that you the customer
losing out because you're paying the
same prices something like this is
sixteen grains
this has incidentally but you know this
also has sixteen grains as Hellfire and
this NV has twelve and you know you're
paying a lot a lot more than you should
be basically for
what I believe to be less attractive
Willow and possibly less impressive
performing willow as well but don't
worry guys because with odds we really
try our best to make sure that isn't the
case with the bats that we stock and we
make every effort to get you the best of
the best and get you the best value for
money we can possibly find you know and
I'm really pleased in this case because
there's no doubting the quality of these
grain you know these as I said 12 grains
16 grains they were spawned off the
mallet incredibly well as well they just
tapper insanely well my favorite such as
Hellfire Pro almost certainly will be
featuring my top 5 for the month if it
hasn't been sold by them but the other
two are stunning as well they pick up
brilliantly they just tick all the boxes
and yet they cost under 300 pounds and
when you think that you can be spending
five hundred pounds on a major brand and
get something that doesn't not anywhere
near as nice as this like I said
masquerading as grade 1 plus English
willow I've seen Baxter over 500 pounds
that look great to even grade 3 bounces
is shocking it really is but you know
every manufacturer is in the same boat
to an extent there there is this
shortage of this quality willow there
really is and it's a problem in the
industry hopefully someone will sort
itself out but there's only only so many
of these clefts around and they're so in
demand and usually obviously if they've
got more grains it's older willow as
well so it's just harder to source um
you know everyone's fighting to get that
the best willow they can possibly do is
a lot of new brands just joined the
market you know so fierce the
competition out there now to really get
this kind of grade 1 + pro grade English
willows proven to be very tough but guys
look if you're struggling and you really
want a stunning bar and the very best
and you want to get good value for money
you know we we don't just hand pick
these bats for a jolly for a laugh you
know we do it because you want to pass
on the very best to you guys and you
know we want to make the extra effort to
make sure that we're not ripping any of
you off that we're giving you exactly
what you should be getting for the money
you're paying your
hard-earned money and I just think that
with half leather this such a great
example of that you know to be all three
of the programs you order you know these
are all three of them and look this
isn't this is just about as good as you
can get it really is really please if
you agree do come to our London store
and have a play with them or we can
order them online we do ship all over
the world but yeah that there is a
shortage you know there's not as much of
this willow around but if you look
really hard you can still find it and
when you can get it for under 300 pounds
whilst it not be with a household brand
believe me the quality is just as good
if not better with someone like hell for
leather so yeah in my opinion this
incredible value for money
and a represents what qu pro-grade grade
1 plus English willow really should be
thanks for watching guys I'll see you
soon